Don't put these tricks on my child
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
Ning Nuannuan, why do you think so?
Why are you saying that you like me?
I wouldn't believe it.
What did the Ning family do to you?
I know a lot.
But let me tell you something.
As long as I'm here
I won't let you get involved in the teaching
Please leave.
The thought of preventing people is so heavy
How many injuries have you suffered before?
That's why you look like this
The doctor said that we are not the same after all
Instead of thinking about it
I might as well put this experience on Ning Yunyan
Do you think I'm Ning Yunyan's person?
He entered the Bo Palace Hall so grandly
Said it wasn't yours
Didn't you come in here too?
You don't like him coming in
Then in the future, Nie Yunyan
You can't take a step into Bo Palace Hall